# Portfolio-Project-1
My first attempt at building an app that gets information and from an api and is interactive with the user.

I will add more ata later time. I am still in the thinking process.

The webpage will open with a HTML greeting "Keep clicking fora new card!" Below will be another statment Always a freshly shuffled deck. And Below that there is a button that says "Click Me!, next to the buton is some text "Press Here To Draw A Card! Below that is statment of "Deck is Shuffled! Produced because of API request that was made as the page is opend and the page in turn tells you the deck is shuffled. This message goes away upon the first clik of the button. At the end of 52 clicks another messsage appears declaring "Reshuffled". Reshuffled only appears when there are no more cards left in the deck and calls to the API to shuffle again and provide 52 cards.  

When "Click Me!" is clicked there appears an image of a playing card along with text below the coard that gives you the valu and the suit of the card. Below that is a link that says click here to see more! Which takes youto a page with a form that prompts you to enter your name. At thte top of this page is text in gold lettering that says Thanks for stopping by... Below that is Enter Your NAme in the box below. The box is an input box that has a required property on it. If it is not filled with some text before click the submit button below a prompt will appear below the input box that says please fill out this field. Below all of that is Deck is Shuffled again this is a bug that I will need to fix later.